docs(NODE-4561): update readme (#6)
mongodb-js/nodejs-mongodb-legacy: readme.md

# MongoDB Node.js Driver with Optional Callback Support Legacy Package

**Attention :memo:**

This is a wrapper of the `mongodb` driver, if you are starting a new project you likely just want to use the driver directly:

- [Driver Source](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/)
- [Driver NPM Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb)

## Purpose

This package is intended to assist in migrating to promise based APIs.
We have wrapped every driver method to continue offering the optional callback support some projects may be relying on to incrementally migrate to promises.
Any new APIs added to the driver will not offer optional callback support.
If callback usage is needed for any new APIs, we would suggest using `.then`/`.catch` or node's [callbackify](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal) to get that desired API.

> The main driver package `mongodb` will be dropping optional callback support in the next major version (v5) in favor of a pure `async`/`await` syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main driver package `mongodb` will be dropping optional callback support in the next major version (v5) and will only be supporting native javascript promises from then on.
```

even though we plan to use async/await, would it make more sense to say we plan to only support promises instead of saying we only support async/await?

Author: This is more descriptive of the change we'll be making in v5, we are going to use that syntax and so that uses runtime native Promises

Reviewer: sure, but from a user's perspective (unless they're inspecting our api using isAsyncFunction) a function that returns a promise is the same as an async function, because they both return native promises

async/await feels like an implementation detail

Author: My intention is to mention the implementation detail here, and as you say there is a detectable difference so I defer to being more explcit. I don't think it's overly technical and these are the recognizable keywords for how to go about writing this kind of code

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a description or a title for this code block?  It's not clear what it is indicating without reading the code (and from line 17, it seems like it should be demonstrating the pure async-await syntax for the driver).

Author: done

## [API](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/)

The API is inherited from the driver, which is [documented here](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/).
If it is relevant to inspect the precise differences, you can peruse the [type definitions of wrapped APIs](https://github.com/mongodb-js/nodejs-mongodb-legacy/blob/main/mongodb-legacy.d.ts).

The wrappers are implemented as subclasses of each of the existing driver's classes with extra logic to handle the optional callback behavior. And all other driver exports are re-exported directly from the wrapper. This means any new APIs added to the driver will be automatically pulled in as long as the updated driver is installed.

Take this hypothetical example:

```ts
// Just add '-legacy' to my mongodb import
import { MongoClient } from 'mongodb-legacy';
const client = new MongoClient();
const db = client.db();

const collection = db.collection('pets');
// Returns an instance of LegacyFindCursor which is a subclass of FindCursor
const dogCursor = collection.find({ kind: 'dog' });
// Using .next with callbacks still works!
dogCursor.next((error, dog) => {
  if (error) return handling(error);
  console.log(dog);
});

> // Brand new api that pets all dogs! (does not support callbacks)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Brand new hypothetical api that pets all dogs! (does not support callbacks)
```

dogCursor.petAll().then(result => {
  console.log('all dogs got pats!');
});
```

> > NOTE: The `petAll()` api is brand new in this example and will not support an optional callback. If adopting this API is deep inside code that already relies on eventually calling a callback to indicate the end of an operation it is possible to use `.then`/`.catch` chains to handle the cases that are needed. We recommend offloading this complexity to node's [callbackify utility](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal): `callbackify(() => dogCursor.petAll())(callback)`

Reviewer 3: Just double checking that this still works for class methods (without binding `this`)

Author: Yep, one could use bind, but it's a bit ugly and creates a new bound function, using an arrow function accomplished the same thing you're calling the function as you normally do and passing the promise result to callbackify

> > NOTE: The `petAll()` api is brand new in this example and will not support an optional callback. If adopting this API is deep inside code that already relies on eventually calling a callback to indicate the end of an operation it is possible to use `.then`/`.catch` chains to handle the cases that are needed. We recommend offloading this complexity to node's [callbackify utility](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal): `callbackify(() => dogCursor.petAll())(callback)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The `petAll()` api is brand new hypothetical example that would not support an optional callback. If adopting this API is deep inside code that already relies on eventually calling a callback to indicate the end of an operation it is possible to use `.then`/`.catch` chains to handle the cases that are needed. We recommend offloading this complexity to node's [callbackify utility](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal): `callbackify(() => dogCursor.petAll())(callback)`
```

> > NOTE: The `petAll()` api is brand new hypothetical example that would not support an optional callback. If adopting this API is deep inside code that already relies on eventually calling a callback to indicate the end of an operation it is possible to use `.then`/`.catch` chains to handle the cases that are needed. We recommend offloading this complexity to node's [callbackify utility](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal): `callbackify(() => dogCursor.petAll())(callback)`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The `petAll()` api is brand new in this hypothetical example and so would not support an optional callback. If adopting this API is deep inside code that already relies on eventually calling a callback to indicate the end of an operation it is possible to use `.then`/`.catch` chains to handle the cases that are needed. We recommend offloading this complexity to node's [callbackify utility](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal): `callbackify(() => dogCursor.petAll())(callback)`
```

> The new `petAll()` API will be pulled in since we're building off the existing driver API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new example `petAll()` API will be pulled in since we're building off the existing driver API.
```

# MongoDB Node.js Driver with Optional Callback Support Legacy Package

**Attention 📝**

This is a wrapper of the `mongodb` driver, if you are starting a new project you likely just want to use the driver directly:

- [Driver Source](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/)
- [Driver NPM Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongodb)

## Purpose

This package is intended to assist in migrating to promise based APIs.

> We have wrapped every driver method to continue offering the optional callback support some projects may be relying on to incrementally migrate to promises.

Author: updated

The main driver package `mongodb` will be dropping support in the next major version (v5) for the optional callback behavior in favor of adopting `async`/`await` syntax for native promise support.

```ts
// Just add '-legacy' to my mongodb import
import { MongoClient } from 'mongodb-legacy';
const client = new MongoClient();
const db = client.db();
const collection = db.collection('pets');

// Legacy projects may have intermixed API usage:
app.get('/endpoint_promises', (req, res) => {

>   collection.findOne({}).then(result => {

Author: added!

    res.end(JSON.stringify(result));
  });
});

app.get('/endpoint_callbacks', (req, res) => {
  collection.findOne({}, (error, result) => {
    if (error) return res.errorHandling(error);
    res.end(JSON.stringify(result));
  });
});
```

## How to install

In your existing project add `mongodb-legacy` to your `package.json` with the following command.

```sh
npm install mongodb-legacy
```

### Versioning

There is no one size fits all solution to how your project and policies may require pulling in dependencies, below is one recommended path.

> **We recommend you keep `mongodb` in your project's direct dependencies**.

Author: Yea I think it's overly complex, there are many avenues one could control the driver version, I think we should cross that bridge when we get to it, (if we get to it)

The package has a direct dependency on the `mongodb` package of `^4.10.0`.
So when you're ready to upgrade to `v4.10+` and want to start working with this wrapper package keeping `mongodb` in your project's dependencies will allow you to control upgrades explicitly as needed.
Without `mongodb` specified in your project's dependencies it will be up to `npm` and your `package-lock.json` file updating policy to control when new driver versions are pulled into your project.

The next major release of the driver (v5) will drop support for callbacks.
This package will also have a major release at that time to update the peerDependency requirement to `v5+`.
Users can expect to be able to upgrade to `v5` adopting the changes and features shipped in that version while using this module to maintain any callback code they still need to work on migrating.

## API

> The API is inherited from the driver so you should be able to peruse the API docs

Author: Sounds good, added a link to the type defs, prob the best place to reference

> - [Found here](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/Next/)

Author: done! (and moved the links around a bit)

> The wrappers are implemented as subclasses of each of our driver's classes that you may use building your app that just handles the optional callback behavior. This means any new APIs added to the driver should be automatically be pulled in as long as the updated driver is installed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The wrappers are implemented as subclasses of each of the existing driver's classes with extra logic to handle the optional callback behavior. And all other driver exports are re-exported directly from the wrapper. This means any new APIs added to the driver will be automatically pulled in as long as the updated driver is installed.
```

Take this hypothetical example:

```ts
// Just add '-legacy' to my mongodb import
import { MongoClient } from 'mongodb-legacy';
const client = new MongoClient();
const db = client.db();

const collection = db.collection('pets');
// Returns an instance of LegacyFindCursor which is a subclass of FindCursor
const dogCursor = collection.find({ kind: 'dog' });
// Using .next with callbacks still works!
dogCursor.next((error, dog) => {
  if (error) return handling(error);
  console.log(dog);
});

> // Brand new api that pets all dogs!

Reviewer 3: call out that the new API will not have callback support here and possibly in the paragraph below

Author: called out!

dogCursor.petAll().then(result => {
  console.log('all dogs got pats!');
});
```

The `petAll()` API will be pulled in since we're building off the existing driver API.

> The typescript definitions work the same way so `next()` still reports it's promise and callback variants and the `petAll()` API is pulled in from the driver's definitions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The typescript definitions work the same way so `next()` still reports its promise and callback variants and the `petAll()` API is pulled in from the driver's definitions.
```

This package is intended to assist in migrating to promise based APIs.
We have wrapped every driver method to continue offering the optional callback support some projects may be relying on to incrementally migrate to promises.
Any new APIs added to the driver will not offer optional callback support.

> If callback usage is needed for any new APIs, we would suggest using `.then`/`.catch` or node’s [callbackify](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/util.html#utilcallbackifyoriginal) to get that desired API.

Reviewer 3: super minor thing, but I think this got unintentionally updated to a smart quote instead of the standard single quote in `node's`; if it was intentional, feel free to disregard

Author: 🙀 copy pasta error, good catch
